//big task
modify the website so that the user has to authenticate via google sign in or normal sign up / sign in before accessing any parts of the website (except the landing page).
also add a option to sign out after the user is authenticated and entered the main website
completely deploy project using supabase and vercel and authenticate user using supabase auth



//-----tasks already completed-----


<upload the screenshot of the tables created in the database and ask> which tables can be safely deleted.

fix the knowledge graph and all the extra options -> display proper graph, should display the data properly (in a user readable format)

don't require analyse with ai button -> clicking on experiment from the search results should directly trigger that action.

remove the "Powered by Gemini 2.0" from the ai generated analysis section
basically remove mention of gemini from the ui ðŸ‘

//handle with care
remove the code from our project which is not being used in the current version of the project
(e.g. the code for the old landing page, the code for the old experiments page etc.)
pls make sure the entire working of the project is not affected

implement bookmarks functionality -> user should be able to bookmark an experiment from the search results page and view all the bookmarked experiments in a separate bookmarks page (from the navbar)

in the bookmarks page, user should be able to remove any bookmarked experiment

theme of the search engine page doesn't match the rest of the app (use neon dark mode instead of the purple). keep the theme consistent across the website

also update the readme.md, it should better reflect the features and the tech stack used

ok a major chunk of the project is left
<csv file here>
all the experiments, its authors and links are mentioned in this csv file
save this csv file in a data postgreSQL table,

i have already created a database as mentioned in the readme.md, tell me if i have to create another database or a new table in the same database in postgreSQL

so there is a search engine section in the website.

the user will enter either experiment name (complete or incomplete) or the scietists involved (atleast one scientist

the data will be received by the backend, and the experiment/scientist will be  searched in the database.

all the relevant experiments will be displayed as search results in the search page only

the user can click on any of the experiment

and the link corresponding to the experiment will be sent to the gemini via its API.

gemini will then return summary, knowledge graphs, and/or other tools to summarize a set of NASA bioscience publications and enables users to explore the impacts and results of the experiments these publications describe.

and these results will be displayed on the page. also there will be a back button on the top left corner which can take you back to the experiments search results page.

create all the necessary files, make the necessary changes, tell me database changes if any.

Gemini API Key: AIzaSyDjxUzJ6sod7d9QvOoJ8WcQn4r9YF5Iyws
the above key is for the gemini 2.0 flash
